well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again I don't support politicians I
don't endorse them I don't support
politicians support ideas ideas stand or
fall on their own
doesn't matter who says them it's a good
idea it's a good idea sometimes there's
an idea that is so good that if every
candidate doesn't endorse them you kind
of have to wonder about them and I heard
one of those ideas in the last couple of
days it's one of those ideas that if
every candidate for the presidency
doesn't take onto their platform
we have to wonder about their commitment
to the rule of law which is something
that really has to be restored to anyone
out there who's working in this system
understand you abuse immigrants you
physically abuse emigrants you sexually
abuse immigrants you fail to get the
medical care when they need you break
the law of the United States of America
and Donald Trump may be willing to look
the other way the president Elizabeth
Warren will not on my first day I will
empower Commissioning in the Department
of Justice to investigate crimes
committed by the United States against
immigrants the fact that a presidential
candidate has to make a promise like
this is pretty sad the fact that they
haven't all already made it it's pretty
bad too
this is an important
an important promise that has to be kept
we cannot allow a tradition of just
following orders to take root in this
country there are a lot of people in
this system that don't even know what
the laws are there's a clip floating
around Facebook right now of a former
ice director arguing with AOC about
asylum seekers being illegal and she's
like you know claiming asylum is legal
and he's like but crossing the border
without authorization isn't and he cites
the code she says but they're not
charged and he goes off on a tangent
talking about he's saving lives
she's right article 6 section 2 of the
US Constitution gives international
treaty the weight of all article 31 of
the 1967 protocols on the treatment of
refugees asylum seekers cannot be
punished for entering without
authorization it's kind of like an
advanced pardon this is normally illegal
but not under these circumstances she's
right
he didn't score she was correct
that's law that's the rule of law a
president having a whim to change that
means nothing if we're going to have a
nation it's gotta have the rule of law
right isn't that what all of these
people have been saying this entire time
if you want to do something do it
legally that applies to the government -
the Constitution is a permission slip to
the government this is what you're
allowed to do they are going well beyond
that permission slip
this is an important promise and it
needs to be kept by whoever occupies the
Oval Office next anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night